Removal of old graph reference deprecation. (#358)
neo4j/docs-status-codes: modules/ROOT/pages/notifications/all-notifications.adoc

To continue using it, escape the identifier by adding backticks around the identifier `%s`.
- The character with the Unicode representation `%s` is deprecated for unescaped identifiers and will not be supported in the future.
To continue using it, escape the identifier by adding backticks around the identifier `%s`.
- All subqueries in a `UNION [ALL]` should have the same ordering for the return columns.
[NOTE]
In versions 5.5 to 5.25, using differently ordered return items in a `UNION [ALL]` clause is deprecated.
However, starting from version 5.26, the deprecation has been withdrawn following cost-benefit analysis and valuable user feedback.
- label:deprecated[Deprecated from 5.26.0 to 5.26.9] Databases and aliases with unescaped `.` are deprecated unless the dots indicate that they belong to a composite database.
Names containing `.` should be escaped. (`%s`)
[NOTE]
Databases and aliases with unescaped `.` are deprecated in versions 5.26.0 to 5.26.9.
However, starting from version 5.26.9, this deprecation has been withdrawn.

> The reason for this change is that the previous quoting rules have been found inconsistent and ambiguous, and will be improved in a future Cypher version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The reason for this change is that the previous quoting rules have been found inconsistent and ambiguous, and have been improved in Cypher 25.
```
Maybe? 🤷 (same below in that case)
